Add library DynamicODataToSQL (#295)
OData/odataorg.github.io: _libraries/DynamicODataToSQL.md

---
category: net
name: DynamicODataToSQL
link: https://github.com/DynamicODataToSQL/DynamicODataToSQL
version: V4
object: Server
downloads:
  - source: nugetgallery
    link: https://www.nuget.org/packages/DynamicODataToSQL/
---

> Library to convert OData query directly to SQL query without IQuearable or entity framework. It is useful when the data model is dynamic and hence entity framework or any other ORM with IQuerable support cannot be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Library to convert OData query directly to SQL query without IQueryable or entity framework. It is useful when the data model is dynamic and hence entity framework or any other ORM with IQueryable support cannot be used.
```
